✨clusterctl: add godoc and doc (#2175)
kubernetes-sigs/cluster-api: docs/book/src/clusterctl/commands/delete.md

# clusterctl delete

The `clusterctl delete` command deletes the provider components from the management cluster.

The operation is designed to prevent accidental deletion of user created objects. For example:

```shell
clusterctl delete aws
```

Deletes the aws provider components, while preserving the namespace where the provider components are hosted and the provider's CRDs.

<aside class="note warning">

<h1>Warning</h1>

> If you want to delete the namespace where the provider components are hosted, you can use the `--target-namespace` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to delete the namespace where the provider components are hosted, you can use the `--delete-namespace` flag.
```

Be aware that this operation deletes all the object existing in a namespace, not only the provider's components.

</aside> 

<aside class="note warning">

<h1>Warning</h1>

> If you want to delete the provider's CRDs, you can use the `--target-namespace` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to delete the provider's CRDs, you can use the `--delete-crd` flag.
```
